gnmic: add page and subpages (#8367)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gnmic-get.md

# gnmic get

> It is used to send a GetRequest to the specified target(s) (using the global flag --address and expects one GetResponse per target, per path.
> More information: <https://gnmic.kmrd.dev/cmd/get>.

- Get State of path:

`gnmic -a {{ip:port}} get --path {{path}}`

- Get RPC with multiple paths:

> `gnmic -a <ip:port> get --path {{path1}} --path {{path2}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gnmic -a {{ip}}:{{port}} get --path {{path1}} --path {{path2}}`
```

- Get RPC with path-prefix:

> `gnmic -a <ip:port> get --prefix {{prefix}} --path {{path1}} --path {{path2}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gnmic -a {{ip}}:{{port}} get --prefix {{prefix}} --path {{path1}} --path {{path2}}`
```

# gnmic get

> Get a snapshot of a gnmi network device operation data.
> More information: <https://gnmic.kmrd.dev/cmd/get>.

> - Get a snapshot of the device state at {{path}}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Get a snapshot of the device state at specific path:
```

It is not mentioned in our style guide what to do with placeholders inside descriptions (but it should be). Anyway I think we should not use them anywhere outside code examples.

> `gnmic -a {{ip:port}} get --path {{path}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gnmic --address {{ip:port}} get --path {{path}}`
```

Long options are preferred. But now there are no fixed rules when we use them. So you for instance can tell me that this option is frequently used or i extremely portable and I dismiss this comment.

Author: I have updated the first mentions of `-a` in every page/subpage to follow the long format for clarity but gnmic commands tend to become very long very fast and the address is always included, so I think that using the -a in every other spot is a better choice (once to explain the parameter, the rest is implied)

Reviewer 2: I think we should formalize when to prefer short options not to write very long commands.

- Query the device state at multiple paths:

> `gnmic -a {{ip:port}} get --path {{path1}} --path {{path2}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gnmic --aaddress {{ip:port}} get --path {{path1}} --path {{path2}}`
```

For paths we use `{{path/to/directory}}`, `{{path/to/file}}` generic placeholders. I don't know semantics of this path so please decide how better to fix it yourself. ;)

Also it's better to provide a concrete value instead of `{{ip:port}}` here because `--address` describes the meaning of the following argument.

Author: I'm not sure what to write for the paths, (example paths could be `"/"`, `/`, `info:/`, `info:/network_instances`, `/state/port[port-id=1/1/c1/1]/statistics`, `info:/port[port-id=1/1/c1/1]/statistics`) so I think that just leaving `{{path}}` is ok. 

I'm not sure what is meant for concrete value?

Reviewer 2: Just leave it as is if you don't know what concrete value to provide. Basically, I don't know too. 🤔

> - Querry the device state at multiple paths with a common prefix ({{prefix}}/{{path}}):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Query the device state at multiple paths with a common prefix ({{prefix}}/{{path}}):
```

> - Querry the device state at multiple paths with a common prefix ({{prefix}}/{{path}}):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Querry the device state at multiple paths with a common prefix:
```

> `gnmic -a {{ip:port}} get --prefix {{prefix}} --path {{path1}} --path {{path2}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gnmic --address {{ip:port}} get --prefix {{prefix}} --path {{path1}} --path {{path2}}`
```

The same goes here.

> `gnmic -a {{ip:port}} get --prefix {{prefix}} --path {{path1}} --path {{path2}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gnmic --address {{ip:port}} get --prefix {{prefix}} --path {{path1}} --path {{path2}}`
```

The same goes here.

> - Querry the device state and specify reponse encoding (json_ietf):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Query the device state and specify reponse encoding (json_ietf):
```

> - Querry the device state and specify reponse encoding (json_ietf):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Query the device state with a specific response encoding:
```

> `gnmic -a {{ip:port}} get --path {{path}} --encoding json_ietf`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`gnmic --address {{ip:port}} get --path {{path}} --encoding json_ietf`
```
